# SFMS
Salient Features and Multi-granularity Splitting model

Person re-identification (ReID) is an important research topic in computer vision. It has received increasing attention due to its important applications in intelligent video surveillance and security systems. However, the huge differences in background, illumination, pose and camera resolution of images captured by different cameras make it extremely challenging to learn robust distinguishing features. To address this problem, this paper conducts research on person re-identification with salient features and multi-granularity splitting, and proposes a Salient Features and Multi-granularity Splitting model, which can extract important person features more effectively. Person re-identification is achieved by global features supplemented with local features. The local branch uses horizontal splitting to obtain fine-grained local features, and uses attention to make the local features more salient. The global branch uses a multi-stage approach to extract global features in depth, each stage contains a multi-granularity splitting attention and a depth-aware GeM. Multi-granularity splitting attention splits the feature map into different granularity information in the channel dimension, coarse-grain information allows the model to focus on various parts of the person, and fine-grain information allows the model to focus on subtle differences of the person. Both coarse and fine granularity information are combined to capture the distinguishing features of the image more effectively. In each stage, the feature information is enhanced by generalized averaging pooling and efficiently aggregating the multigranularity information from different stages. Through depth-aware GeM, features from different stages are concatenated to generate a rich person feature representation.
